In the year 2042, mankind barely has enough resources to survive. In order to sustain a combined 
survival effort, countries around the world strive to maximize their survive by forming the Union 
of Earth. There are many ways in which resources are obtained, ranging from deep space exploration, 
to outcasting certain groups to search for a new planet. 

Pioneered by companies such as SpaceX and Virgin Galactic, space travel has become the norm. The 
popularity of space travel has resulted in the recognition of the cryptocurrency, DogeCoin, as 
the global currency on planet Earth, as well as within the solar system it belongs to. Civilian 
space travel has also accelerated the development of a new industry civilian space mining where 
volunteers are tasked with the mission of mining precious minerals in exchange for free space travel 
and accommodation.

Participants of civilian space mining are to commit to a standard mission duration of 5 years, with 
a default supply of fuel, food, water, oxygen, and necessities for the first 6 months and are subject
 to self-subsistence using the 3D printing technology onboard thereafter. Both the spaceship and the 
 3D printer are powered by mined minerals, with uranium being 50 times more energy-efficient than 
 lithium. Thanks to the presence of the near-zero gravity in space, there is no loading limit when 
 it comes to the accumulation of uranium and lithium, however, participants should consider depositing 
 regularly at depositories installed on each planet in the solar system due to reports of piracy 
 uranium and lithium are considered hot commodities in space, resulting in civilian spaceships being 
 the target of other life forms. There are 2 ways to self preserve: fight and seize your attacker’s 
 loot or pay the ransom with your own resources or currency. Mining in certain locations wakes up 
 hostile aliens, which force you to fight or flee.

A mission is considered complete when all 8 planets in the solar system are exploited/explored with a 
minimum deposit of 1 million tons of uranium and 5 million tons of lithium within the standard mission 
duration. Any space disasters such as comets, asteroids, space rocks, or ice may or may not terminate a 
mission, which is dependent on fuel, food, water, and oxygen level.

You are a space explorer who has an important mission: to find new energy for humans to use. After a long 
time of searching, you finally find this ore which not only can be used for energy but also be used to 
develop the technology of humans with an incredibly fast speed, you call it ore-X. While you are on your 
way back to Earth with ore-X, something happened and you lost your consciousness, when you wake up again 
you have no memory of why you lost your consciousness. You looked around, ore-X has disappeared, your 
positioning system is not working well and can only provide the direction of Earth, nothing other than that 
above all these, the fuel of your space ship went out. Luckily you are landed on a planet that has the raw 
materials of your spaceship's fuel, every 10% of the fuel that has been filled up, you can travel to the 
next planet, and eventually back to Earth.

There will be aliens that are friendly and that are not, the friendly ones are willing to trade with you, 
the un-friendly ones will attack you and steal your stuff, successfully defeating the enemy will have a 
possibility to pick up some items the enemy dropped. Sometimes there will be a civilization on the planet 
that is not friendly, they will not allow you to land on the planet and you will have to find another path.

The mission is looking for the way back to Earth, the positioning system will only position the direction 
of Earth and won't tell if going to a planet is the right path, while on the way, some ore-X might be found, 
the more ore-X find the more points will be scored.
